Yes, we must kill them all.
clear sky
Do you know how much I've missed you all these years?
I was so happy the moment I saw you alive
And you know what?
How much your parents love you
Why would you do that?
Wheat is for self-interest
Regardless of the difference in identity, the number is Stu
Finally kicked us out of the house and died
Cute dog?
Hahaha I tell you
If I hadn't wanted to take the Li family's property as the foundation
I don't admit that I am a Li family
Bullshit, it was your mother who stole my Li family's property
He also had several affairs with others
Evidence comes first
You will bite back
Do you know how guilty Mom and Dad have been all these years?
They're raising you as their own son.
Hahahaha
Dear son
If I keep a dog, I will pay more attention
Give some love
Have you treated me like family for so many years?
Plus you have no one to help you now
I'm going to ask you back
How do you want to die?
You go and kneel
Princess
Princess Keren doesn't want to protect this trash either
I suggest that everyone join forces to remove this silt
Shattered corpse
If Mr. Li Xuan asks you to kneel, kneel
You see it too
I just promised the young master of the Li family
He is not just the son of the Li family now
It is also the consort of my princess Daxia
Let me ask you something.
Now I have to fight with the consort of Princess Daxia
enemy?